story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2021 turkish drama film called
paper lives
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in the streets of istanbul a young man
named mehmed is roaming the streets
collecting trash
after making his usual rounds he goes
back to their solid waste warehouse
where his friend
gonzi catches him as he collapses to the
ground
ganzi seeing that his friend's medicine
has run out calls their uncle tashin
and takes memo to the hospital as mehmet
is examined by a doctor
he is told that he needs a kidney
transplant they don't have enough money
for the surgery so mehmed and goes and
leave together with their uncle tashan
they return mimik to his rundown
apartment where he takes his medicine
and sleeps with a photo in his arms
when morning breaks mehmet returns to
the warehouse where a group of young
boys is waiting for him
mehmet takes care of the records as a
worried gonzi reminds him that he
shouldn't be postponing his surgery
minute brushes him off and tells him not
to worry too much and then the usual day
of trash collecting begins
as mehmet begins to close for the day he
hears a noise coming from one of the
trash bags
as he pushes it a young boy emerges and
scuttles away
minute corners the terrified boy and
convinces him to come out the
boy introduces himself as ali mimit
takes him in and gives him some food
he tells memeth that he's looking to
earn some money so that his mother can
come and live with him
later that night mehmed calls goes into
his apartment they talk about what they
should do with ali
gozan suggests they take him to the
police or his home but mehmet disagrees
he won't return ali until he knows why
the boy was left in the trash bag
he won't let what happened to him
happened to this boy the next morning
mehmet takes a lead to a public bath
house together with his friends
mimit notices the bruises on ollie's
back and he feels sorry for the boy
he tries to make him feel better by
taking him to a hamburger shop
with a little bit of help from gozan he
convinces the group to throw a birthday
party for ali
as mama looks for a birthday cake he
leaves ali with gonzi
a few minutes later a crying ali comes
into the shop saying that some lady
tried to take him
gonzi comes back having left the boy for
a few minutes and mehmet reprimands him
with a punch to the face saying that he
shouldn't have left ali alone
that night the group throws a birthday
party for ali by the docks
then it lets ali blow out the candles of
the cake and ask the group to make a
wish
when mehmed asked the group about their
wishes another boy tells him that he
wishes to die
bewildered memit asks why would he want
to die the boy says he'd like to die
young because he's afraid that if he
dies when he's older
his mother won't recognize him when they
meet in the afterlife
as mehmed and ali hang out on the
rooftop of their apartment building
they talk about their lives minute
promises him that he will take him to
the beach soon
and he will teach him how to swim with
ali happy they go back to their quarters
as morning breaks mehmed finds the
bedroom empty
he starts to feel the panic rising up in
his chest as he goes looking for ali in
the building
with a boy nowhere to be found he rushes
out into the street screaming ollie's
name and asking passersby if they've
seen a little boy around
as he goes back to his apartment to call
for help he spots ali sitting in the
living room
collapsing with relief mehmet asks ali
where he's been the whole morning
ali told him that he had a dream about
his mother and he went outside to look
for her and when he couldn't find her
he went back to mehmed's place mehmet
thinks it's important for ollie's mother
to know that her son is alive and well
so he devises a plan to make ali show
him where he lives and he can go talk to
ollie's mother
ali agrees to the deal that afternoon
the pair goes swimming at the beach
mehmet teaches ali how to swim as ganzi
looked on happily
ali then thanks mamet later that night
as he tucks him into bed
minute stays up in the warehouse trying
to build a trash collector for ali when
his uncle tashan intervenes
uncle tashan asks about ali and says
that his parents must miss him
mimit insists that ollie's parents don't
want him and that he'll take care of the
boy as uncle tashan did for them
as he leaves uncle tashan shakes his
head disapprovingly and reminds memet
that he's sick
the next morning mehmet surprises ali
with his own trash collector and takes
him to work
they enjoy a full day's worth of
collecting trash and then they retire
back to mehmet's apartment
mina tries to work back at the warehouse
but soon goes back to the apartment only
to find ali laying down on the streets
he sniffed some glue from the
neighborhood kids because he thought it
would help him see his mother
crying nemet takes him back to the
apartment and tells him to never do it
again
as ali regains consciousness he mistakes
mehmet for his stepfather while still in
his day's state
as mana tries to calm him down ali
struggles and kicks him away
ali soon finds the picture in mehmet's
drawer ali asks
why he has a photo of him and his mom in
his drawer mehmet explains to him that
he's mistaken and that it's mehmed in
the photo and not ali
still in his confused state ali becomes
angry and rips apart the photo
menit cries out in protest and flips
over the coffee table
crawling his way back to the photo that
now lays torn on the floor
as mana tries to tape back the photo
together gunzi comes by
gonzi finally convinces him to take the
boy to his parents at least so that
they'd see that he is alive and well
mehmed agrees then promises to take the
boy tomorrow
the next morning keen on his promise
mehmet takes ali to collect trash
but this time they go to a different
neighborhood mehmet helps ali try to
remember where he used to live
they end up in an upscale part of the
neighborhood and ali stops to point at a
building saying that's where he lives
with his parents
just as soon as they discovered ollie's
home his stepfather walks out of the
building and mehmet tries to chase him
down to talk to him
he loses the stepfather in the streets
and goes back to ali
only to find him beat up and hiding in
the trash bag
filled up with rage mehmet confronts a
group of trash collectors nearby
the other men say they don't know what
mehmed is talking about and the
conversation soon turns into a fight
he manages to land several punches on
the men but they soon outnumber him they
lock mehmed in a chokehold and then the
two other guys start beating him up
they kick him down to the ground his
mouth coughing up blood
and only stops when the cops started
coming beaten and bruised
mehmet looks up to see a terrified ali
watching in horror as the other
men left him for dead he tries to call
out to him but he soon passes out
when mehmet wakes up he finds himself in
the hospital with gozan by his side and
a nurse telling him that they almost
lost him
mimit asks for ali but goes and tells
him that he lost the boy
the rage builds up in memphis chest as
he rips himself off from the dialysis
machine
goes and forces him down saying he needs
to stay there but mehmet can only cry
out in pain
he manages to convince gosen to take him
out of the hospital and back to the
warehouse
minute rummages through the storage
looking for the hidden stash of cash
that he saved up for his surgery
uncle tasha arrives and reminds him that
he needs that money for surgery
if memic gives it away now they don't
know how they're going to get that
amount of money again
mimit threatens them with a knife saying
he's taking this money to save ali
he confronts uncle tasha blaming him for
his miserable life
he grabs his uncle and yells at his face
asking him why didn't he take him back
to this mother
he tells them that he made a promise to
ali and that he's not going to break it
mimit takes uncle tashan's car and
drives all the way to the building where
ali's parents live
he knocks on the door and sees an
elderly couple living in the room
he demands to know where ali is but the
confused couple can only stand in shock
he gives them the money but they only
force him out desperate
mehmet forces himself in threatening
them with his knife
as he searches for ali the couple tells
memith that mehmet's family used to live
here before but they're gone now
as mehmed enters his old room his
memories come rushing back
in he remembers his childhood and how
his stepfather used to beat him up
prompting his mother to abandon him in
uncle tashan's trash bag
having enough pain and confusion memet
screams out
he makes his way out of the couple's
apartment and back into the streets
the rain has started to pour down as
mehmed collapses near a pile of trash
holding in his hand the only picture he
has of him and his mother
as life begins to slip away from it goes
in reveals that everything that has been
happening was inside mimi's mind
everyone played along feeling sorry for
their sick friend who's been having a
hard time remembering reality
men it often slips into his own
imagination to make his childhood self
happy
mimit holds out the picture in front of
him with his last remaining energy
his tears mix in with the rain on his
face as he finally accepts his fate
all he wanted was to reunite his
abandoned childhood with his mother
but that can never be he will only be a
street kid
he slips away from consciousness and
never wakes up again
the police find his body later on
holding the picture of a hopeful kid and
his mother
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching